. $topsrcdir/browser/config/mozconfig

ac_add_options --prefix=/usr
ac_add_options --libdir=/usr/lib
ac_add_options --with-system-nspr
ac_add_options --with-system-nss
ac_add_options --with-system-jpeg
ac_add_options --with-system-zlib
ac_add_options --with-system-bz2
ac_add_options --with-system-png
ac_add_options --with-system-libevent
ac_add_options --with-system-libvpx
ac_add_options --enable-system-hunspell
ac_add_options --enable-system-sqlite
ac_add_options --enable-system-cairo
ac_add_options --enable-system-lcms
ac_add_options --with-pthreads

ac_add_options --enable-default-toolkit=cairo-gtk2
ac_add_options --enable-safe-browsing
ac_add_options --enable-extensions=default
ac_add_options --enable-startup-notification
ac_add_options --enable-pango
ac_add_options --enable-svg
ac_add_options --enable-canvas
ac_add_options --enable-smil
ac_add_options --enable-canvas3d
ac_add_options --enable-places
ac_add_options --enable-url-classifier

ac_add_options --enable-strip
ac_add_options --enable-install-strip
ac_add_options --enable-jemalloc
ac_add_options --enable-xterm-updates
ac_add_options --enable-printing
ac_add_options --enable-xinerama
ac_add_options --disable-official-branding

ac_add_options --disable-javaxpcom
ac_add_options --disable-crashreporter
ac_add_options --disable-updater
ac_add_options --disable-tests
ac_add_options --disable-mochitest
ac_add_options --disable-debug
ac_add_options --disable-installer
ac_add_options --disable-pedantic
ac_add_options --disable-static

ac_add_options --enable-gio
ac_add_options --disable-gnomevfs
ac_add_options --disable-gconf
ac_add_options --enable-libnotify
ac_add_options --disable-gnomeui
ac_add_options --disable-necko-wifi
ac_add_options --enable-crypto
ac_add_options --disable-mailnews
ac_add_options --enable-system-ffi
ac_add_options --enable-system-pixman

export BUILD_OFFICIAL=0
export MOZILLA_OFFICIAL=0
mk_add_options BUILD_OFFICIAL=0
mk_add_options MOZILLA_OFFICIAL=0
